3.	Characterizing the role of Bub1 and H2A-pS121 in tension-dependent re-localization of Sgo1 
3.1.	Introduction (Bub1, H2A-pS121, Nerusheva 2014, Su 2021, spatial)
        centromere function and spatial regulation; shugoshin re-localisation as an example; what is tension; what is shugoshin; tension-dependent relocalization of shugoshin (human, mouse, budding yeast, potentially fission yeast kawashima 2007, fly)
        shugoshin and tension sensing --; model for shugoshin in tension sensing
        shugoshin and chromosome condensation
        regulation of sgo1 localization -- bub1 and pH2A importance for shugoshin localization (human, mouse, fission/budding yeast); cohesin; phosphatases
        previous models of tension-dependent re-localization and their drawbacks (HiC supports pulling model)
        bub1 and H2A-pT120 localization does not agree human model, no H2A-pT120 in hongtaoyu paper; yeast model Bub1 overexposed and no quantification; yeast model rts1d still lose sgo1 under tension; yeast model does not have H2A-pS121 ab
        whether cohesin is involved in yeast not known (ChIP-qPCR contradicts tension-sensing function shugoshin)
        to resolve controversy: look at bub1 and pH2A under tension; look for phosphatases
        controversy:
        pH2A (human: staining under no tension is inconsistent; can't do ChIP; tension data contradicts model; yeast: no data )
        Bub1 localization (pulled away model vs delocalize model)
        phosphatase
        cohesin in yeast (ChIP-qPCR contradicts tension-sensing function shugoshin)



Discussion
Sgo1 phosphorylation status in rts1d could be explained in various ways.
cohesin is not required in frog/mouse/fly (not sure which one)
cohesin is required for the subtle localisation of Sgo1. To be tested by ChIP-seq in pMET-SCC1 but the interpretation might be tricky. 
Decreased Bub1, pH2A, Sgo1 upon tension; residual Bub1 and pH2A on KT, residual Sgo1, potentially unified model across species

'In human cells, SET is hypothesised to physically compete with cohesin for Sgo1 binding upon tension, resulting in its moving from cohesin at inner centromere to H2A-pT120 at the kinetochore. This model implies kinetochore H2A-pT120 remains unchanged regardless of whether tension is established. However, it is challenged by the finding that the kinetochore localisation of H2A-pT120 and Bub1 is inversely correlated with inter-kinetochore distance. To be noted, in this study, centromeric Sgo2 is reported to decrease in a kinetochore distance-dependent manner. It is not known whether Sgo1 localisation is also reduced. Moreover, the exact localisation of H2A-pT120 from immunostaining is inconsistent in the literature, with reports arguing it covers the whole inner centromere or it is mainly at kinetochore proximity.'

bub1 sgo1 CPC PP1 positive feedback (explain the fast removal of shugoshin, important to test whether Sgo1 localisation is also upstream Bub1)
H2A-pS121 is redistributed when Bub1 localization is messed up
Re-distribution of H2A-pS121 and chromosome condensation (condensin-Sgo1 interaction; condensin-Top2 interplay; Top2 H2A-pS121 interaction) Piskadlo, Raquel A. Oliveira 2016; Wolfram Antonin Heinz Neumann, 2016
to prove the final model: 1. tension has an effect on each step; 2. each step depends on last step 
