1.	Introduction
1.	Introduction
General introduction (philosophy stuff, definition, history, mostly epigenetics nature, diversity)
1.1.	Form of centromere
1.1.1.	Genetics (different types; remember to mention CENP-B; Talbert 2020)

point cen
regional cen
holo cen
non-b form DNA

1.1.2.	Epigenetics (CENP-A history; CENP-A structural data)

cenp-a history
cenp-a structural data
cenp-a propagation in brief

1.1.3.	Kinetochore assembly (Marston 2022)

kinetochore subassembly II

CCAN subcomplex
CENP-C as blueprint
human and yeast CCAN are similar in structure
CCAN subunit depletion shows varied phenotypes

kinetochore subassembly III
kinetochore subassembly IV
kt and peri-cen chromatin structure

1.2.	Functions of centromere (Tanaka 2013)
main purpose is to execute segregation without error
promote capture (see other reviews)
force resistance (see other papers)
promote intrinsic bias towards bi-orientation
SAC & error correction
centromeric cohesion
early replication (yeast and more?)
chromosome condensation

1.2.1.	SAC and error correction (London 2014; Musacchio 2022; Lara-Gonzalez 2021))
SAC
    MMC production
    APC inhibition
tension sensing/ error correction
    Direct stabilisation
    Destabilisation by CPC
    don't know how ec talks to SAC
1.2.2.	Cohesion 
centromere cohesion is important for proper attachment, both geometry and tension sensing
cohesin is enriched at the peri-cen
centromere helps it
mechanisms by which centromere ensure local cohesion differ among species
yeast
prophase pathway
1.2.4.	Chromosome condensation (Yves barral)
Chromosome condensation
current model
condensin structure mechanism unknown?
generate positive supercoil (mechanism unknown, could be loop extrusion,  Chiral loop formation or Cross-linking, and also multimer)
histone modifications (H3-pS3 by haspin kinase, H3-pS10 by Aurora B, H4-K16 de-acetylation by Hst2,  binding of H4 tail to H2A-H2B)
centromere role and evidence (Wenda 2021)

1.3.	Aims of this study
1.3.1.	Potential link between CENP-A spatial organization and tension sensing function (island->unit module KT->shape surrounding chromatin ->centromere spatial structure and mechanical property, use Hongtao Yu model as one possibility -> biochemical signalling->tension sensing)

cenp-a interspersed with h3
draw the analogy (Adele to hongtao yu)

centromere: long history but a lot of enigma
start from different aspects with different methodology and see if they can merge
with the vague ambition that there might be a potential link

1.3.2.	Aim1: Building a theoretical model for centromere spatial organization and propagation

The mechanisms by which cells control the number and position of CENP-A nucleosomes is unknown but likely important for the organization of centromeric chromatin in mitosis so that the kinetochore is properly oriented for microtubule capture.

Various models proposed but difficult to test directly, mathematical modelling provide an alternative

1.3.3.	Aim2: Investigating the molecular mechanisms of tension-dependent re-localization of shugoshin (include the reasons of using budding yeast)


When first defining the term centromere in 1936, Cyril Darlington commented that “[the centromere must] be considered in terms of function rather than form, since the function is evident and the form elusive” (Ref. 10). 